DOCS-7214 - Minor type fix discovered by translators (#346)
confluentinc/cp-demo: docs/overview.rst

The full event streaming platform based on |cp| is described as follows.
Wikimedia's `EventStreams <https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/Event_Platform/EventStreams>`__ publishes a continuous stream of real-time edits happening to real wiki pages.

> A Kafka source connector `kafka-connect-sse <https://www.confluent.io/hub/cjmatta/kafka-connect-sse>`__ streams the server-sent events (SSE) from https://stream.wikimedia.org/v2/stream/recentchange, and a custom |kconnect| transform `kafka-connect-json-schema <https://www.confluent.io/hub/jcustenborder/kafka-connect-json-schema>`__ extracts the JSON from these messages and then the messages are written to a |ak| cluster.

Reviewer: @joel-hamill For clarification, the extracted JSON is written; in contrast, the message w/out the JSON is NOT written.  So I think the PR is a little ambiguous on this.

Author: @ybyzek okay can you suggest what this should be?

Author: ```...and then the content is written to a |ak| cluster.```?

Reviewer: 👍 SGTM

> A Kafka source connector `kafka-connect-sse <https://www.confluent.io/hub/cjmatta/kafka-connect-sse>`__ streams the server-sent events (SSE) from https://stream.wikimedia.org/v2/stream/recentchange, and a custom |kconnect| transform `kafka-connect-json-schema <https://www.confluent.io/hub/jcustenborder/kafka-connect-json-schema>`__ extracts the JSON from these messages and then the messages are written to a |ak| cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
A Kafka source connector `kafka-connect-sse <https://www.confluent.io/hub/cjmatta/kafka-connect-sse>`__ streams the server-sent events (SSE) from https://stream.wikimedia.org/v2/stream/recentchange, and a custom |kconnect| transform `kafka-connect-json-schema <https://www.confluent.io/hub/jcustenborder/kafka-connect-json-schema>`__ extracts the JSON from these messages and then the content is written to a |ak| cluster.
```
